Add instructions to install pygmt kernel for Jupyter users (#2153)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: doc/install.rst

and set its value to a path like::

    C:\Users\USERNAME\Anaconda3\envs\pygmt\Library\bin\

Notes for Jupyter users
-----------------------

If you can successfully import pygmt in a Python interpreter or IPython, but

> fail to import pygmt in Jupyter with ``ModuleNotFoundError``, you may need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
get a ``ModuleNotFoundError`` when importing pygmt in Jupyter, you may need to
```

install a ``pygmt`` kernel following the commands below::

    conda activate pygmt

>     python -m ipykernel install --user --name pygmt  #to install conda env properly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    python -m ipykernel install --user --name pygmt  # install conda environment properly
```

I think this reads better.

    jupyter kernelspec list --json

> After that, you need to restart your Jupyter, open your notebook, select the
> ``pygmt`` kernel and then import pygmt.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After that, you need to restart Jupyter, open your notebook, select the
``pygmt`` kernel and then import pygmt.
```

I don't think it should say "your Jupyter" since it is the program name.
